feat: configure local visual testing with Chromatic (#1673)
adobe/spectrum-css: tools/preview/README.md

- `assets`: This folder contains static, unprocessed assets for inclusion in the stories.
- `decorators`: These assets interpret the arguments provided and apply the necessary stylesheet or markup changes to reflect the desired update.

> **Storybook files:**

Reviewer: Woah - this documentation just came out of me today. Let me know what you think!

- `main.js`
- `manager.js`
- `preview.js`
- `preview-head.html` & `main-head.html`

Storybook leverages webpack for bundling and we have updated it with the following settings (these rules are applied to *.stories.js assets as well as the template.js files):

- Packages can be loaded from local or root node_modules directories. i.e., in a story:

  ```js
  import { default as IconStories } from "@spectrum-css/icon/stories/icon.stories.js";
  ```

  or in a template.js file:

  ```js
  import { Template as Icon } from "@spectrum-css/icon/stories/template.js";
  ```

> - Component CSS can be loaded in a story using the package name rather than the directory path (the local version is used as the path is automatically resolved).

Reviewer 2: Maybe you need an "and" here? The parenthetical isn't making sense to me

> - Component CSS can be loaded in a story using the package name rather than the directory path (the local version is used as the path is automatically resolved).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CSS for other components can be loaded in a story using the package name (rather than the directory path), i.e. `@spectrum-css/toast` vs. `../toast/index.css`. The local version of the package is used regardless but the webpack settings will resolve the pathing for you.
```

^ What do you think of this @mlogsdon18 as a clarification?

- `State`: represents the environment in which the component exists - is it focused? open? sticky? These are more commonly applied by interaction than statically sourced from the DOM.
- `Content`: not specific to the rendering of this component. Text or subcomponents to be rendered inside that region but that is not opinionated. Often this would be represented by a slot in a web component. i.e., labels, content to render inside a dialog or modal.

#### Icon dropdowns

You can load a dropdown list of the available workflow icons by adding the following code to your stories.js page:

```js
import { default as IconStories } from "@spectrum-css/icon/stories/icon.stories.js";
```

```js
argTypes: {
  iconName: {
    ...IconStories?.argTypes?.iconName ?? {},
    if: false,
  },
},
```

_Note:_ In your story, be sure to include the `if: false` override otherwise the control will only show up if you have a `setName` arg and it is equal to `workflow`.

Want to load UI icons instead? Use the following variable import instead:

```js
argTypes: {
  iconName: {
    ...IconStories?.argTypes?.uiIconName ?? {},
    if: false,
  },
},
```

> #### Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Commonly used argTypes
```
